Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at the pulse and graphs section of GitHub
Instead of showing those features with the main login that we've been using
throughout the course, I'm going to return to the "starter-web"
under "scm-ninja", logged in with a different account.
And, that's because that I have more data in this repository
than I have with the repositories that we've been using throughout this course.
So first let's check on "pulse", which is on the right hand side menu of our repository:
click on pulse. The pulse will give us trends over time for our repository.
We can change the time period to show last 3 days, 24 hours, 1 week, or the past month.
And, this just gives us overall statistics about our repository,
including merged pull requests; proposed pull requests,
which are pull requests that are open; closed and new issues,
which we will be covering in an upcoming section of this course;
and then some general statistics about the number authors involved, the number of commits,
and how many additions and deletions were involved across the board.
From here, we go over to the right hand side, and we see an abbreviated
version of our menu; we have icons that represent each of the parts
of our repository that we can get to using that menu:
code; issues; pull requests; wiki; pulse, which we're currently on; and then graphs.
Click on "Graphs". The first tab we come to is contributors.
Contributors are all the people that make contributions to your repository.
I can filter by commits, deletions, and additions.
Next, let's click on traffic, and we can see the overall activity
on our repository, including number of clones that are happening;
the number of visitors to the GitHub repository; our referring sites;
and our most popular content within the repository, along with the views and visitors.
Next, let's check out commits. This shows us the commits
that have been happening recently to this repository. Now, let's check out code frequency.
This gives us a graph of additions and deletions to this repository.
At this point, we haven't been doing a whole lot, so there's not much to see here.
Now, let's check out "Punch card"; the punch card shows the commits we've made
by day of week and timeframe. Next, let's check out "Network".
Network shows a lot of the branches that are involved along with a lot of the forks as well.
Now, let's move onto "Members"; Members is a great way to see a list of
all the people that have forked your repository,
including the fork that we created earlier, which goes to my "jasongtaylor" user account.
I'm going to click on the name of this repository, and I'd like to show you
there are sometimes alternate ways to get to each of those items.
So, for example, I can click on the number of forks to take me to the network page.